And it's those of us who maybe learn Javascript first before other more object oriented proper language
is if you only use that term so it's just like Java or C-Sharp there are things that that might catch
those C sharpened Java developers off.
And one thing that's asked because of that is what does delete do.
You know what is delete what does it really do.
So delete allows us to completely remove an element from a an array.
It also can delete a property off of a object.
Now this is something that's somewhat unique to javascript because if you're coming from a background
like C-Sharp those models that you're defining are that's sort of the contract with the database with
the back end and to the front end.
And we know it's expected that you wouldn't be able to straight up delete those values.
However in javascript we are a little bit more dynamic and a little bit less strict and deletes serves
that purpose.
All right so let's take a look at our file here and you'll see we have an object with some properties.
We have an array with some properties and we check if that property exists.
It does and if we check the value of let's say some array index one you know we're going to get one.
And why Rattle's go ahead and just cancel a log out the summary value as well go.
So we have our object we have our array.
Now this gives an example of delete.
Let's say we wanted to delete prop 1 there we would target some object use the delete key word and prop
1.
And no it's false because we've actually removed that property entirely from the object.
And if we did the same thing on an array we could do some array that one and you'll see that it's actually
going to get undefined we're removing it from there.
It has sort of the space in here.
If you think of it that way but we're moving the object we're doing it from there from the array.